what's going on everybody gentleman came
on line number cam chillin out maxin on
using the media multi-tool own in these
guys yo guys now in this video we'll be
talking about the hunter third subclass
yes it is really really amazing on
becoming a later in this video so make
sure to stay tuned they make sure to
subscribe like and favorite this video
also for epicness guys we are also
YouTube now we're looking to partner
youtubers to make it big on YouTube
response to you we allow you to promote
your content by uploading it to our
YouTube page with our 52 thousand
subscribers information in the
description below apply to become a
cable line partner today okay trapper
now super name is void well drop some
void well on the floor enemies inside
the void well cannot jump and have
reduced movement speed upgrades can
reduce all enemy's movements prevent
enemies from using abilities or increase
radius of void well so I'm guessing it
would be something like the Wizards
black dome they put over you I guess
would be something like that I mean
that's pretty cool I always wanted a
character that have that seriously that
would be awesome will be awesome the
Warlocks added but hey hunters have
fiscal too let's go to the grenades now
a generic boy demos grenade doesn't
bounce 62 any surface Bowl I don't know
what I say bola is that's a Spanish word
for balls basically you'll have these
little balls act like stickies but they
do not prevent any major damage that's
provide minimal damage while greatly
reducing the targets movement speed and
prevents them from jumping caltrops
throw them on the ground not super easy
to see a large amount of them on the
ground stepping on one detonates them
all for a small amount of damage one
grenade can kill a guardian with a
little left over these are called
Trump's if you're wondering Eaton's if
you step on them is worse than stepping
on Legos now okay let's get back into
this now this is awesome now do not know
if you have to have both of your classes
leveled up north on lock the third
subclass but if you do I'll make sure to
give you information about it because
both of mine are locked up I mean
unlocked that's pretty sick though
seriously now these rumors speculations
are a little bit too in-depth detailed
seriously to be honest no matter what
the so glad says I'm still gonna stick
with my son singer because like come
back to life I mean I the power of life
and death you kill my
come back can you even be there's
nothing more powerful than that you
coming back to life nothing's more
powerful that I don't care what they
come out with this game what type of
freak n Omega megazor from the Power
Rangers first season type weapon they'll
come out with you better come back to
life is way more powerful than anything
else come on now life and death alright
talk to you later man pisa do videos
like this all the time updates and such
these are